migrate frequency analysis hyperfunctions to new template (#2066)
timescale/docs: api/_hyperfunctions/count_min_sketch/intro.md

---
section: hyperfunction
subsection: count_min_sketch()
---

Count the number of times a value appears in a column, using the probabilistic
[`count-min sketch`][count-min-sketch] data structure and its associated
algorithms. For applications where a small error rate is tolerable, this can

> result in huge savings in both CPU time and memory, especially for large data
> sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result in huge savings in both CPU time and memory, especially for large 
datasets.
```
